amenity	bar	node	area	Bar	is	a	purpose-built	commercial	establishment	that	sells	alcoholic	drinks	to	be	consumed	on	the	premises.	They	are	characterised	by	a	noisy	and	vibrant	atmosphere,	similar	to	a	party	and	usually	don't	sell	food.	See	also	the	description	of	the	tags	amenity=pub;bar;restaurant	for	a	distinction	between	these.	
Bar-16.svg
Bar	MXCT.JPG
amenity	biergarten	node	area	Biergarten	or	beer	garden	is	an	open-air	area	where	alcoholic	beverages	along	with	food	is	prepared	and	served.	See	also	the	description	of	the	tags	amenity=pub;bar;restaurant.	A	biergarten	can	commonly	be	found	attached	to	a	beer	hall,	pub,	bar,	or	restaurant.	In	this	case,	you	can	use	biergarten=yes	additional	to	amenity=pub;bar;restaurant.	
Biergarten-16.svg
Hofbräukeller	Arkaden.JPG
amenity	cafe	node	area	Cafe	is	generally	an	informal	place	that	offers	casual	meals	and	beverages;	typically,	the	focus	is	on	coffee	or	tea.	Also	known	as	a	coffeehouse/shop,	bistro	or	sidewalk	cafe.	The	kind	of	food	served	may	be	mapped	with	the	tags	cuisine=*	and	diet:*=*.	See	also	the	tags	amenity=restaurant;bar;fast_food.	
Cafe-16.svg
Klagenfurt	Wörthersee	Strandbad	Cafe	Sunset	Bar	11102008	65.jpg
amenity	fast_food	node	area	Fast	food	restaurant	(see	also	amenity=restaurant).	The	kind	of	food	served	can	be	tagged	with	cuisine=*	and	diet:*=*.	
Fast-food-16.svg
Burger	king	kamen.jpg
amenity	food_court	node	area	An	area	with	several	different	restaurant	food	counters	and	a	shared	eating	area.	Commonly	found	in	malls,	airports,	etc.	
Restaurant-14.svg
FoodCourtVaughanMills.JPG
amenity	ice_cream	node	area	Ice	cream	shop	or	ice	cream	parlour.	A	place	that	sells	ice	cream	and	frozen	yoghurt	over	the	counter	
Ice-cream-14.svg
Ribnitzer	Hafenfest,	Ribnitz-Damgarten	(P1060946).jpg
amenity	pub	node	area	A	place	selling	beer	and	other	alcoholic	drinks;	may	also	provide	food	or	accommodation	(UK).	See	description	of	amenity=bar	and	amenity=pub	for	distinction	between	bar	and	pub	
Pub-16.svg
Pub.jpg
amenity	restaurant	node	area	Restaurant	(not	fast	food,	see	amenity=fast_food).	The	kind	of	food	served	can	be	tagged	with	cuisine=*	and	diet:*=*.	
Restaurant-14.svg
Caprice	Restaurant.JPG
Education
amenity	college	node	area	Campus	or	buildings	of	an	institute	of	Further	Education	(aka	continuing	education)		
Cambridge	Regional	College	main	entrance.jpg
amenity	dancing_school	node	area	A	dancing	school	or	dance	studio		
Dancing	lesson	16507650.jpg
amenity	driving_school	node	area	Driving	School	which	offers	motor	vehicle	driving	lessons	
Shop-other-16.svg
Fahrschulauto	VW	Austria	St	Johann.JPG
amenity	first_aid_school	node	area	A	place	where	people	can	go	for	first	aid	courses.		
amenity	kindergarten	node	area	For	children	too	young	for	a	regular	school	(also	known	as	preschool,	playschool	or	nursery	school),	in	some	countries	including	afternoon	supervision	of	primary	school	children.		
Story	Time.jpg
amenity	language_school	node	area	Language	School:	an	educational	institution	where	one	studies	a	foreign	language.		
Sede	de	Berlitz	al	norte	de	Bogotá.jpeg
amenity	library	node	area	A	public	library	(municipal,	university,	…)	to	borrow	books	from.	
Library.14.svg
Guantanamo	captives'	library	a.jpg
amenity	surf_school	node	area	A	surf	school	is	an	establishment	that	teaches	surfing.		
Surfing	School	at	Chapel	Porth	(2784337863).jpg
amenity	toy_library	node	area	A	place	to	borrow	games	and	toys,	or	play	with	them	on	site.		
Toy	Library	storage.jpg
amenity	research_institute	node	area	An	establishment	endowed	for	doing	research.		
Aerial	View	of	Glenn	Research	Center	at	Lewis	Field	-	GPN-2000-002008.jpg
amenity	training	node	area	Public	place	where	you	can	get	training.		
Sede	de	Berlitz	al	norte	de	Bogotá.jpeg
amenity	music_school	node	area	A	music	school,	an	educational	institution	specialized	in	the	study,	training,	and	research	of	music.		
Music	school	from	Rabnita	(1980).	(9196267787).jpg
amenity	school	node	area	School	and	grounds	-	primary,	middle	and	seconday	schools		
Williamstown	school.jpg
amenity	traffic_park	node	area	Juvenile	traffic	schools		
Lasten	ajoharjoittelu	rata	Nordenskiöldinkatu	-	panoramio.jpg
amenity	university	node	area	An	university	campus:	an	institute	of	higher	education		
Brock	University	campus.JPG
Transportation
amenity	bicycle_parking	node	area	Parking	for	bicycles	
Parking-bicycle-16.svg
Bicycle-parking.jpg
amenity	bicycle_repair_station	node	area	General	tools	for	self-service	bicycle	repairs,	usually	on	the	roadside;	no	service	
Bicycle	repair	station-14.svg
BikeRepairMonterrey.JPG
amenity	bicycle_rental	node	area	Rent	a	bicycle	
Rental-bicycle-16.svg
Rental	Row	(3561666697).jpg
amenity	boat_rental	node	area	Rent	a	Boat	
Boat	rental-14.svg
Münster,	Boote	am	Aasee	--	2016	--	2375.jpg
amenity	boat_sharing	node	area	Share	a	Boat		
A	Boat	To	Share.jpg
amenity	bus_station	node	area	May	also	be	tagged	as	public_transport=station.	
Bus	station-14.svg
Manchester	Piccadilly	Bus	Station.jpg
amenity	car_rental	node	area	Rent	a	car	
Rental-car-16.svg
Hertz	car	rental	office	Livonia	Michigan.JPG
amenity	car_sharing	node	area	Share	a	car		
U	Car	Share	Shattuck	Hearst.jpg
amenity	car_wash	node	area	Wash	a	car	
Car	wash-14.svg
Wuppertal	-	Friedrich-Engels-Allee	130	02	ies.jpg
amenity	compressed_air	node	area	A	device	to	inflate	tires/tyres	(e.g.	motorcar,	bicycle)		
Bicycle	pump	in	Korea.jpg
amenity	vehicle_inspection	node	area	Government	vehicle	inspection	
Vehicle	inspection-14.svg
TÜV	SÜD-Hauptuntersuchung.jpeg
amenity	charging_station	node	Charging	facility	for	electric	vehicles	
Charging	station.16.svg
Evpost.jpg
amenity	driver_training	node	area	A	place	for	driving	training	on	a	closed	course		
Skid	pan	at	Mercedes-Benz	World	-	Flickr	-	Supermac1961.jpg
amenity	ferry_terminal	node	area	Ferry	terminal/stop.	A	place	where	people/cars/etc.	can	board	and	leave	a	ferry.	
Ferry-icon.svg
Ferry	Reet.jpg
amenity	fuel	node	area	Petrol	station;	gas	station;	marine	fuel;	…	Streets	to	petrol	stations	are	often	tagged	highway=service.	
Fuel-16.svg
Preem	Karlskrona.jpg
amenity	grit_bin	node	A	container	that	holds	grit	or	a	mixture	of	salt	and	grit.		
Grit	Bin.jpg
amenity	motorcycle_parking	node	area	Parking	for	motorcycles	
Parking-motorcycle-16.svg
Motorradparkplatz	Gifhorn	Mühlenmuseum.jpg
amenity	parking	node	area	Car	park.	Nodes	and	areas	(without	access	tag)	will	get	a	parking	symbol.	Areas	will	be	coloured.	Streets	on	car	parking	are	often	tagged	highway=service	and	service=parking_aisle.	
Parking-16.svg
P3030027ParkingLot	wb.jpg
amenity	parking_entrance	node	An	entrance	or	exit	to	an	underground	or	multi-storey	parking	facility.	Group	multiple	parking	entrances	together	with	a	relation	using	the	tags	type=site	and	site=parking.	Do	not	mix	with	amenity=parking.	Underground
Parking	entrance-14.svg
Multi-storey
Parking	entrance	multi-storey	14.svg
Christian	Wirth	-	Tiefgarage	Hauptplatz.jpg
amenity	parking_space	node	area	A	single	parking	space.	Group	multiple	parking	spaces	together	with	a	relation	using	the	tags	type=site	and	site=parking.	Do	not	mix	with	amenity=parking.	
Rendering-parking	space.png
Israel	Batch	2	(149).JPG
amenity	taxi	node	area	A	place	where	taxis	wait	for	passengers.	
Taxi-16.svg
Hong	Kong	Taxi	-	1-12-2006	-	Shatin	Taxi	Stand.jpg
Financial
amenity	atm	node	ATM	or	cash	point:	a	device	that	provides	the	clients	of	a	financial	institution	with	access	to	financial	transactions.	
Atm-14.svg
ATM	750x1300.jpg
amenity	bank	node	area	Bank	or	credit	union:	a	financial	establishment	where	customers	can	deposit	and	withdraw	money,	take	loans,	make	investments	and	transfer	funds.	
Bank-16.svg
Dscf1401-800.jpg
amenity	bureau_de_change	node	Bureau	de	change,	money	changer,	currency	exchange,	Wechsel,	cambio	–	a	place	to	change	foreign	bank	notes	and	travellers	cheques.	
Bureau	de	change-14.svg
Bureau	de	change	electronic	sign.jpg
Healthcare
amenity	baby_hatch	node	area	A	place	where	a	baby	can	be,	out	of	necessity,	anonymously	left	to	be	safely	cared	for	and	perhaps	adopted.		
Babybox	-	venkovní	strana.jpg
amenity	clinic	node	area	A	medium-sized	medical	facility	or	health	centre.	
Doctors-14.svg
Bristol	,	Central	Health	Clinic	-	geograph.org.uk	-	1360619.jpg
amenity	dentist	node	area	A	dentist	practice	/	surgery.	
Dentist-14.svg
Military	dentists	in	Guatemala.jpg
amenity	doctors	node	area	A	doctor's	practice	/	surgery.	
Doctors-14.svg
Doctors	stethoscope	2.jpg
amenity	hospital	node	area	A	hospital	providing	in-patient	medical	treatment.	Often	used	in	conjunction	with	emergency=*	to	note	whether	the	medical	centre	has	emergency	facilities	(A&E	(brit.)	or	ER	(am.))	
Hospital-14.svg
Guantanamo	captive's	hospital	beds	-c.jpg
amenity	nursing_home	node	area	Discouraged	tag	for	a	home	for	disabled	or	elderly	persons	who	need	permanent	care.	Use	amenity=social_facility	+	social_facility=nursing_home	now.	
Social	amenity	darken	80-16.svg
Hora	Svate	Kateriny	-	nursing	home.jpg
amenity	pharmacy	node	area	Pharmacy:	a	shop	where	a	pharmacist	sells	medications
dispensing=yes/no	-	availability	of	prescription-only	medications	
Pharmacy-14.svg
Boots	The	Chemist	At	Gunwharf	Quays.jpg
amenity	social_facility	node	area	A	facility	that	provides	social	services:	group	&	nursing	homes,	workshops	for	the	disabled,	homeless	shelters,	etc.	
Social	facility-14.svg
Salvation	Army	Citadel,	Hill	Street	,	Newport	-	geograph.org.uk	-	1585015.jpg
amenity	veterinary	node	area	A	place	where	a	veterinary	surgeon,	also	known	as	a	veterinarian	or	vet,	practices.	
Veterinary-14.svg
Veterinary	Surgeon.jpg
Entertainment,	Arts	&	Culture
amenity	arts_centre	node	area	A	venue	where	a	variety	of	arts	are	performed	or	conducted	
Arts	centre.svg
Alhamra	Art	Centre.JPG
amenity	brothel	node	area	An	establishment	specifically	dedicated	to	prostitution		
Walletjes	001.jpg
amenity	casino	node	area	A	gambling	venue	with	at	least	one	table	game(e.g.	roulette,	blackjack)	that	takes	bets	on	sporting	and	other	events	at	agreed	upon	odds.	
Casino-14.svg
Sahara	Hotel	and	Casino.jpg
amenity	cinema	node	area	A	place	where	films	are	shown	(US:	movie	theater)	
Cinema-16.svg
Palace	cinéma	beaumont.JPG
amenity	community_centre	node	area	A	place	mostly	used	for	local	events,	festivities	and	group	activities;	including	special	interest	and	special	age	groups.	.	
Community	centre-14.svg
Greasby	Community	Centre.JPG
amenity	conference_centre	node	area	A	large	building	that	is	used	to	hold	a	convention		
Irving	Convention	Center	Exterior.JPG
amenity	events_venue	node	area	A	building	specifically	used	for	organising	events		
Ludwigsfelde	asv2021-03	img08	Klubhaus.jpg
amenity	exhibition_centre	node	area	An	exhibition	centre		
Shanghai	new	international	expo	centre.jpg
amenity	fountain	node	area	A	fountain	for	cultural	/	decorational	/	recreational	purposes.	
Fountain-14.svg
Fountain	at	Milan	citadel.JPG
amenity	gambling	node	area	A	place	for	gambling,	not	being	a	shop=bookmaker,	shop=lottery,	amenity=casino,	or	leisure=adult_gaming_centre.
Games	that	are	covered	by	this	definition	include	bingo	and	pachinko.

Bingo	cards.jpg
amenity	love_hotel	node	area	A	love	hotel	is	a	type	of	short-stay	hotel	operated	primarily	for	the	purpose	of	allowing	guests	privacy	for	sexual	activities.		
Hotel	portodiMare	Himeji.jpg
amenity	music_venue	node	area	An	indoor	place	to	hear	contemporary	live	music.		
Vaihn2013.jpg
amenity	nightclub	node	area	A	place	to	drink	and	dance	(nightclub).	The	German	word	is	"Disco"	or	"Discothek".	Please	don't	confuse	this	with	the	German	"Nachtclub"	which	is	most	likely	amenity=stripclub.	
Nightclub-16.svg
Gatecrasher.jpg
amenity	planetarium	node	area	A	planetarium.		
Planetarium	WPKiW.jpg
amenity	public_bookcase	node	area	A	street	furniture	containing	books.	Take	one	or	leave	one.	
Public	bookcase-14.svg
Hannover,	public	bookcase.jpg
amenity	social_centre	node	area	A	place	for	free	and	not-for-profit	activities.		
Governor	Hotel,	Rotary	Club	of	Portland	plaque.JPG
amenity	stripclub	node	A	place	that	offers	striptease	or	lapdancing	(for	sexual	services	use	amenity=brothel).		
Seattle	-	Deja	Vu	01.jpg
amenity	studio	node	area	TV	radio	or	recording	studio		
DOUG.jpg
amenity	swingerclub	node	area	A	club	where	people	meet	to	have	a	party	and	group	sex.		
Swingerclub	Cäsars	Palace.	Spröckhövel.JPG
amenity	theatre	node	area	A	theatre	or	opera	house	where	live	performances	occur,	such	as	plays,	musicals	and	formal	concerts.	Use	amenity=cinema	for	movie	theaters.	
Theatre-16.svg
Sydney	opera.jpg
Public	Service
amenity	courthouse	node	area	A	building	home	to	a	court	of	law,	where	justice	is	dispensed	
Courthouse-16.svg
Franklinctycrthsapalchicola01.jpg
amenity	fire_station	node	area	A	station	of	a	fire	brigade	
Fire-station-16.svg
Fire	station.jpg
amenity	police	node	area	A	police	station	where	police	officers	patrol	from	and	that	is	a	first	point	of	contact	for	civilians	
Police-16.svg
Ploizeiautos	Davidwache.jpg
amenity	post_box	node	A	box	for	the	reception	of	mail.	Alternative	mail-carriers	can	be	tagged	via	operator=*	
Post	box-12.svg
Post	Box.JPG
amenity	post_depot	node	area	Post	depot	or	delivery	office,	where	letters	and	parcels	are	collected	and	sorted	prior	to	delivery.		
Post	office	delivery	office,	Mablethorpe	-	geograph.org.uk	-	1186977.jpg
amenity	post_office	node	area	Post	office	building	with	postal	services	
Post	office-14.svg
100px-Pošta	Praha	025.jpg
amenity	prison	node	area	A	prison	or	jail	where	people	are	incarcerated	before	trial	or	after	conviction	
Prison-16.svg
Osaka	keimusho.jpg
amenity	ranger_station	node	area	National	Park	visitor	headquarters:	official	park	visitor	facility	with	police,	visitor	information,	permit	services,	etc		
Talkeetna	Ranger	Station.jpg
amenity	townhall	node	area	Building	where	the	administration	of	a	village,	town	or	city	may	be	located,	or	just	a	community	meeting	place	
Town-hall-16.svg
TownHall-Ljubljana.JPG
Facilities
amenity	bbq	node	BBQ	or	Barbecue	is	a	permanently	built	grill	for	cooking	food,	which	is	most	typically	used	outdoors	by	the	public.	For	example	these	may	be	found	in	city	parks	or	at	beaches.	Use	the	tag	fuel=*	to	specify	the	source	of	heating,	such	as	fuel=wood;electric;charcoal.	For	mapping	nearby	table	and	chairs,	see	also	the	tag	tourism=picnic_site.	For	mapping	campfires	and	firepits,	instead	use	the	tag	leisure=firepit.	
Bbq-14.svg
Grillplatzusa.jpg
amenity	bench	node	A	bench	to	sit	down	and	relax	a	bit	
Bench-16.svg
Bench.jpg
amenity	dog_toilet	node	area	Area	designated	for	dogs	to	urinate	and	excrete.		
Dog-toilet.jpg
amenity	dressing_room	node	area	Area	designated	for	changing	clothes.		
Korpilahti	beach	-	changing	room.jpg
amenity	drinking_water	node	Drinking	water	is	a	place	where	humans	can	obtain	potable	water	for	consumption.	Typically,	the	water	is	used	for	only	drinking.	Also	known	as	a	drinking	fountain	or	bubbler.	
Drinking-water-16.svg
Basler	Trinkwasser	1341.jpg
amenity	give_box	node	area	A	small	facility	where	people	drop	off	and	pick	up	various	types	of	items	in	the	sense	of	free	sharing	and	reuse.		
GiveBox	an	der	Schwarztorstrasse	96	im	Januar	2020.jpg
amenity	mailroom	node	area	A	mailroom	for	receiving	packages	or	letters.		
Mailroom	of	the	New	York	Times	newspaper.8d22741v.jpg
amenity	parcel_locker	node	area	Machine	for	picking	up	and	sending	parcels		
Polish	Packstation.jpg
amenity	shelter	node	area	A	small	shelter	against	bad	weather	conditions.	To	additionally	describe	the	kind	of	shelter	use	shelter_type=*.	
Shelter-14.svg
Réunion	Maïdo	kiosque	pique-nique.JPG
amenity	shower	node	area	Public	shower.	
Shower-14.svg
Znak	D-26d.svg
amenity	telephone	node	Public	telephone	
Telephone.16.svg
Telephone.jpg
amenity	toilets	node	area	Public	toilets	(might	require	a	fee)	
Toilets-16.svg
WC-Anlage.jpg
amenity	water_point	node	Place	where	you	can	get	large	amounts	of	drinking	water		
Aire	de	Valuejols.JPG
amenity	watering_place	node	Place	where	water	is	contained	and	animals	can	drink		
Drinking	Water	For	Humans	and	Animals.jpg
Waste	Management
amenity	sanitary_dump_station	node	area	A	place	for	depositing	human	waste	from	a	toilet	holding	tank.		
Aire	de	Valuejols.JPG
amenity	recycling	node	area	Recycling	facilities	(bottle	banks,	etc.).	Combine	with	recycling_type=container	for	containers	or	recycling_type=centre	for	recycling	centres.	
Recycling-16.svg
Recycling.jpg
amenity	waste_basket	node	A	single	small	container	for	depositing	garbage	that	is	easily	accessible	for	pedestrians.	
Waste-basket-12.svg
Vuilnisbak-Lebbeke.JPG
amenity	waste_disposal	node	A	medium	or	large	disposal	bin,	typically	for	bagged	up	household	or	industrial	waste.	
Waste	disposal-14.svg
Waste	container.jpg
amenity	waste_transfer_station	node	area	A	waste	transfer	station	is	a	location	that	accepts,	consolidates	and	transfers	waste	in	bulk.		
Others
amenity	animal_boarding	node	area	A	facility	where	you,	paying	a	fee,	can	bring	your	animal	for	a	limited	period	of	time	(e.g.	for	holidays)		
Holmbyre	Cattery	-	geograph.org.uk	-	167661.jpg
amenity	animal_breeding	node	area	relation	A	facility	where	animals	are	bred,	usually	to	sell	them		
Brickfields	Horse	Centre	-	geograph.org.uk	-	135890.jpg
amenity	animal_shelter	node	area	A	shelter	that	recovers	animals	in	trouble		
Kennel	2.jpg
amenity	animal_training	node	area	A	facility	used	for	non-competitive	animal	training		
MTAPD	Canine	Training	Facility	(26942355044).jpg
amenity	baking_oven	node	An	oven	used	for	baking	bread	and	similar,	for	example	inside	a	building=bakehouse.		
Backofen	Emstal.JPG
amenity	clock	node	A	public	visible	clock		
Houses	Of	Parliment	Clock	Tower	(Big	Ben).jpg
amenity	crematorium	node	area	A	place	where	dead	human	bodies	are	burnt		
Bushbury	Crematorium	-	geograph.org.uk	-	259876.jpg
amenity	dive_centre	node	area	A	dive	center	is	the	base	location	where	sports	divers	usually	start	scuba	diving	or	make	dive	guided	trips	at	new	locations.		
Diving	Center	in	Marsalforn.JPG
amenity	funeral_hall	node	area	A	place	for	holding	a	funeral	ceremony,	other	than	a	place	of	worship.		
Okriftel	Trauerhalle	08	001.jpg
amenity	grave_yard	node	area	A	(smaller)	place	of	burial,	often	you'll	find	a	church	nearby.	Large	places	should	be	landuse=cemetery	instead.	
Landuse-cemetery.png
Odenbuell	Nordstrand	St	Vinzenz	IMGP2940	wp	crop.jpg

amenity	hunting_stand	node	area	A	hunting	stand:	an	open	or	enclosed	platform	used	by	hunters	to	place	themselves	at	an	elevated	height	above	the	terrain	
Hunting-stand-16.svg
A	rised	hide	closed	quadrat.jpg
amenity	internet_cafe	node	area	A	place	whose	principal	role	is	providing	internet	services	to	the	public.	
Internet	cafe-14.svg
Cafe	internet	uninorte.JPG
amenity	kitchen	node	area	A	public	kitchen	in	a	facility	to	use	by	everyone	or	customers		
Montague	Burton	Residences	Kitchen.jpg
amenity	kneipp_water_cure	node	area	Outdoor	foot	bath	facility.	Usually	this	is	a	pool	with	cold	water	and	handrail.	Popular	in	German	speaking	countries.		
Wassertreten	1.jpg
amenity	lounger	node	An	object	for	people	to	lie	down.		
Coulée	Verte	du	14ème	@	Paris	(28484238796).jpg
amenity	marketplace	node	area	A	marketplace	where	goods	and	services	are	traded	daily	or	weekly.	
Marketplace-14.svg
Marche	berlin002.jpg
amenity	monastery	node	area	Monastery	is	the	location	of	a	monastery	or	a	building	in	which	monks	and	nuns	live.		
Kloster	Eibingen01.JPG
amenity	photo_booth	node	A	stand	to	create	instant	photos.		
Photomaton.jpg
amenity	place_of_mourning	node	area	A	room	or	building	where	families	and	friends	can	come,	before	the	funeral,	and	view	the	body	of	the	person	who	has	died.		
Funérarium	de	Wasquehal.jpg
amenity	place_of_worship	node	area	A	church,	mosque,	or	temple,	etc.	Note	that	you	also	need	religion=*,	usually	denomination=*	and	preferably	name=*	as	well	as	amenity=place_of_worship.	See	the	article	for	details.	Christian-16.svg	Muslim-16.svg	Jewish-16.svg	Taoist-16.svg	Buddhist-16.svg	Hinduist-16.svg	Shintoist-16.svg	Sikhist-16.svg	Place-of-worship-16.svg	
Place	of	worship.png
amenity	public_bath	node	area	A	location	where	the	public	may	bathe	in	common,	etc.	japanese	onsen,	turkish	bath,	hot	spring	
Public	bath.svg
Blue	Lagoon	2012-08-23	(4).JPG
amenity	public_building	node	area	A	generic	public	building.	Don't	use!	See	office=government.		
amenity	refugee_site	node	area	A	human	settlement	sheltering	refugees	or	internally	displaced	persons		
An	Aerial	View	of	the	Za'atri	Refugee	Camp.jpg
amenity	vending_machine	node	A	machine	selling	goods	–	food,	tickets,	newspapers,	etc.	Add	type	of	goods	using	vending=*
